Document view relationships (#121)
open-contracting/kingfisher-views: docs/database.rst

Note that, in the case of Kingfisher Process' ``record`` table, the record's data's ``compiledRelease`` is used in summaries.

> Foreign key relationships exist on all tables (but not db views) within the views schemas and this can also help with determining join conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Foreign key relationships exist on all `tables <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createtable.html>`__ (but not `views <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createview.html>`__) within a schema, as shown in the Entity Relationship Diagram below (click on the image and zoom in to read more easily).
```

> The below image is a Entity Relationship Diagram of the tables that views creates, showing the foreign key relationships (click on image and zoom to see more clearly). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. image:: _static/erd.png
   :target: ../_static/erd.png

> All tables can be joined with ``release_summary``, ``release_summary_with_data`` and ``release_summary_with_data`` as the ``id`` column is referring the same field across the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This diagram can help to identify JOIN conditions. For example, all tables can be joined with the ``release_summary``, ``release_summary_with_data`` and ``release_summary_with_data`` tables on the ``id`` column.
```

> Note that some tables have joint keys, these are shown with two lines running from one table to another in the above diagram.  To query across these joins use a query like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some tables have composite foreign keys. These are shown as two lines from one table to another in the diagram. To join such tables:
```

> .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: sql
```

>    select * from awards_document_summary join awards_summary on awards_summary.id = awards_document_summary.id and awards_summary.award_index = awards_document_summary.award_index 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   SELECT *
   FROM awards_document_summary
   JOIN awards_summary
     ON awards_summary.id = awards_document_summary.id AND
        awards_summary.award_index = awards_document_summary.award_index 
```

> There is a postgresql sortcut to the above query as all join columns have the same name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, more briefly:
```

.. code-block:: bash

>    select * from awards_document_summary join awards_summary using (id, award_index)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   SELECT *
   FROM awards_document_summary
   JOIN awards_summary USING (id, award_index)
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove extra newline.
